RGB Street 

Initial thoughts: 
This problem involves finding the minimum cost to paint the row of houses in these
3 colours: red, green and blue. Neighbouring houses mustn't have the same colour. 
We are given the cost of each colour for each house. 

Firstly, I would need to calculate the number of elements in the given vector input
which will determine the number of houses needed to be painted. Then I would 
initialise a 2D vector to store the cost value for each colour for each house.

Afterwards, I need to change the string vector into an integer vector. I can do this by utilising 
a for loop to iterate through the string vector. Then inside the loop initialise 
a vector to store the rows of the 2D vector which will store the cost of each colour 
for the that current house. Then, by creating a istringstream to read the cost of the 
colours for the current house, i can utilise a while loop to read each interger
value found in the istringstream and add each value into the row vector. 
After the while loop, it will add the row vector into the 2D vector. When the 
for loop finishes, i will use another for loop to iterate through the 2D array starting 
from 1 since the first house can start from any colour so the second house will be iterated through first
till the last house.

Then, for each house starting from the second house, each colour of the current house
will be added with the minimum cost of the other 2 colours from the previous house which is 
different from the colour of the current house. 
Example: If the row vector(each house) where the first element is red, then it will
have the price of red for that current house plus the minimum cost between 
green and blue from previous house. Same goes with green and blue which will be
green plus the minimum cost of red and blue from previous house and 
cost of blue plus the minimum cost between red and green from previous house.

When that for loop ends, the 2D vector will have the minimum cost of painting 
each house with each colour while ensuring that the neighbouring houses are
painted in different colours.

Lastly, I will return the minimum cost of the last row in the 2D vector.

Reflection: 

This was an easy problem to understand considering that the first and 
last house are not neighbouring houses. I've also learn something new which is 
istringstream which can stream the string into different variable of different
data types. 